Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
What is reality. and what is fiction?
We need to think about it.
I think life is fooling us all.
Reality could be a lie
that someone made up. don't you think?
Maybe we're all living
in someone else's dream.
ASHES
Yes!
So thank you all for coming.
You know I'm not really the type
to give speeches.
Forty years ago.
when my father founded Urkan Publishing.
we had many friends
and trusted writers by our side.
There were thousands of readers.
Our first publication was The Sea of Life.
We've had so many memories and ideas
since then. right?
Yeah.
But no one reads books anymore.
And throughout most of this adventure.
my dear wife has been with me.
She's still the first to read the books.
and I always trust her instincts.
Today is our tenth wedding anniversary.
Gökçe. I'm glad to have you. To have us.
I'll end this boring speech now.
Glad you came. To friends!
To friends!
I'm not the only one
who thinks that way. Others also…
I'm telling you as a friend
to stop writing about your life.
Try something else.
Oh. Gökçe. look.
Your husband no longer likes what I write.
He thinks I should try different stuff.
Okay. What about this?
I read it in a news piece the other day.
A tailor in Maltepe. Istanbul.
believes that Anna Karenina really exists.
Doesn't just believe.
He left his family and went to Russia.
-What?
-If it was a series or a movie…
-We wouldn't believe it.
-He believed it!
Go inside the house.
Grab some stuff.
Come on. Go inside.
Kill those guys.
Tap on that.
ASHES
"Ashes will never burn."
"They are the residue of a burning love."
"How would you know if you've met someone
not from this world?"
"What if you're the one
who doesn't belong to this world?"
"What if you're sleeping…"
Inside whoever's mind my words resonate.
their destiny will be rewritten.
I'll start by bidding myself farewell.
Morning. Ceylan.
-We didn't order the pink.
-True.
-We ordered the blue.
-Yes.
People I've known
and those who've passed me by
are in my memories.
I remember all those faces.
-Hello.
-Welcome. Ms. Gökçe.
Thank you. Mom?
-Gökçe?
-Yes.
I'm leaving them behind for a new life.
which is why I am writing.
So someone can witness the life I've had.
Whoever gets hold of this book will know
that a single person is responsible
for all the coincidences.
ASHES
That person whose name
I dare not say in full is "M."
It's like all the streets in Balat
lead to him.
M's terrifying aggression
and mysterious silence were pulling me in.
A circle of life tattoo on his right arm.
The shadow of a bird on his neck.
Here's where it all started.
A small bakery in Balat.
With M's secret.
this bakery would turn into a memory
that dragged us both into obscurity.
MÜŞFİKA BAKERY
What turns this place into a miracle
are the ashes flying around.
Only I can see them.
It was as if the signs were guiding my way
and leading me
to Müşfika Bakery every time.
MÜŞFİKA BAKERY
-Hi. Lale. Good morning.
-Good morning. honey.
What's up?
I'm doing fine. Why so early?
I have a proposal for you.
This is the place.
Where is the door? Oh. here. Come.
MÜŞFİKA BAKERY
-Hello.
-Greetings. welcome.
Thank you.
Don't stand there. Have a seat.
Gökçe. I don't know
how you came across this place.
In one of the books they sent over.
It mentioned this bakery.
What?
The protagonist buys simit from here.
Some guy called "M."
"M"?
M. That's what it says.
The name isn't revealed.
Anyway. he's a strange man.
An otherworldly type.
He has tattoos with deep meaning
on his throat and arm.
He changes the lives of those
who cross paths with him.
Gökçe. are you okay?
I am. I'm fine.
What you read is a novel. It's fiction.
You're aware. right?
But the bakery is real.
-Maybe so is the man. What's the big deal?
-I can't believe you.
No. I can't drink this. Come on. honey.
Let's just go.
Let's have our coffee somewhere decent.
Go ahead. I'll look around.
Fine. As you wish.
M kept his past in the carpentry shop.
The signs led me on a path to this shop.
which was his sanctuary.
Just when I thought I was lost.
the ashes led me to his doorstep.
I realized that I had no choice
but to follow M like the ashes did.
Okay. I'll email you.
Okay. I'll send it now.
-Hi. Ms. Gökçe.
-Hi.
Mr. Kenan is on an important call.
-You can wait here.
-Sure.
-Can I get you anything?
-I have what I need. Thanks.
Yes. correct.
Okay. I'll wait to hear from you.
All right. Keep up the good work.
-Hi.
At this hour. Gökçe? Is something wrong?
I thought we'd have coffee.
-Who's watching the boutique?
-Ceylan. It's quiet anyway.
Well. good thinking.
but it's a busy day today. so…
I forgot to send the email.
-Should I go?
-No. it's okay.
I just need to resend something.
Uğur Örtün is here.
-In here or in the meeting room?
-The latter. I'm coming.
All right.
Okay.
-See you.
-Good luck.
Thanks.
Hidden in secrets.
this tower belonged to the two of us.
It was a place among the gods.
Each time. we took a different path
inside this dark tunnel
to reach the door at the end.
which opened up to the sky.
When we opened the door.
we'd leave our boring lives behind
and step into another universe.
"Once I was through that door.
I forgot my past. I erased it all."
"He was my guide to take me to the sky."
Hello. Welcome.
Thanks. I was told there's a tower here.
Do you know it?
A tower? I don't know of any tower.
Okay. I'll ask someone else.
-Peace be upon you.
-Thanks. you too.
-Can I have three simits?
-Hello?
-Three simits.
-Yeah.
Yes. sir. I was about to call you.
Yes. sir.
Yes. there are missing pieces.
Not just color. but size as well.
It's not adding up.
Okay. Just bring the boxes.
however many there are.
I need them this week. I have to go.
Later. Okay. Talk to you later.
Hello?
Are you a carpenter?
Yes. How can I help?
I want to order a mirror.
I need one at my boutique.
-Where is it?
-In Nişantaşı.
Nişantaşı.
Do you have measurements?
Do you know what you want?
No measurements.
Just a mirror with a wooden frame.
-We're busy. Maybe another time.
-It's pretty simple.
Is it urgent or not?
It's not.
All good. then.
Sorry. what's your name?
It's Ali.
I'll decide on the size and come back.
Whenever you like.
Metin Ali Soykan?
This is for you.
ID number and signature.
Here you go.
Did you forget something?
To get your number.
Metin Ali. right?
They call me Ali.
Not many know about Metin.
I'm Gökçe. Nice to meet you.
I'll call you with the measurements.
How is this spot for the mirror. Ceylan?
I don't think we need another mirror. but…
Get the measuring tape.
Let's measure the height.
Let's see. All the way down.
Hi. Mr. Metin.
Yes. it's Gökçe.
I'm calling with the measurements.
It's 80 x 150.
It'll be vertical. Cheval-style.
Okay. See you.
Bye.
Love and war are the same.
They both resemble a fight between wolves.
While the man and the woman squirm
under each other's fur.
they sink their claws
into the other's heart.
It's wild. It's ugly. And it's filthy.
If M hadn't taught me the real thing.
I would not have discovered my power.
Gökçe?
Wait.
The truths have reached a deadlock
as they sink in.
Can a heart love two people at once?
I was devastated
after learning that M was married.
A huge wreck.
Heartbroken. I wanted to surrender myself
to the arms of death.
The only problem was. who would do it?
We have a more casual one too.
-Yes.
-Again. mini.
-You'd rock this color.
-It looks nice.
-We also have this.
-Yes. this is nice.
Welcome.
I'll get my gear.
This is nice too.
How about this? Also pretty.
Very pretty.
Nice.
Ceylan. could you help?
It's going by that wall.
We'll need to move these. but…
I hope I measured it correctly.
I hope so too.
I'd gotten so attached to M
that all I could do was
forget that he was married.
It's done. Do you like it?
I guess so. but…
You don't like it?
It's kind of in the way.
Maybe we should hang it on the wall.
Well. this was built with a stand.
It's made of wood. so it's heavy.
The wall won't hold it. We can try. but…
I think it'd look better.
What do you think. Ceylan?
However you like. Ms. Gökçe.
It'll look better on the wall. won't it?
I'll remove the stand. It'll take time.
Okay.
A little higher.
No. it's too high. A little…
Like. in the middle.
Lower.
That's too much.
A little to the left.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Made quite a mess here.
-You cut your hand?
-It's nothing.
Get some peroxide and gauze
from the pharmacy.
-No need. Just a scratch. I'm used to it.
-Please sit. Here.
-Really.
-Okay. just sit.
-This…
-Maybe we should apply pressure.
Here. right?
Until she comes. let's just…
I didn't expect the mirror
to fall off the frame.
I didn't think the wall would hold it.
-And it fell.
-It was me…
The frame was loose. Sorry for the mess.
Please. I insisted.
It's on me. I insisted way too much.
-The frame… Huh?
-Your… Huh?
The frame. I'm going to tighten it again.
Damn. all that work.
And the place is a mess.
Please. No problem at all.
Don't mind that. It's nothing.
Did you maybe drop your ring?
Over there.
What do you mean?
You're missing one.
Maybe because I'm single.
Single?
Yes. I'm single.
Never been married?
Darling. remember what Kenan told us?
That you may not publish
Taner's new book? I think…
Why are you laughing?
Sorry. I remembered something.
What is it?
Remember the book I told you about?
It's that carpenter.
So?
He came to the boutique.
And he found it how?
I found him.
You chased after a man you don't know?
I feel like I know him.
It's that book.
Not all the stairs in the tower
led up to the sky.
It turned out the tower liked to play
with those without a guide.
constantly misleading them
in the darkness.
To find my way. I left a mark
on every wall and corner I passed by.
The only proof of what I had with M is
carved on the walls of this tower.
You didn't meet me by the door.
I was waiting. Did the bell ring early?
No.
Get in.
What are you doing?
Son. what are you doing?
What are you doing. dear?
Did you secretly go through my bag? Huh?
Couldn't you find something else
to draw on. Ege? Why?
I'm playing.
Gökçe?
He's just playing.
With a book that was sent to us.
It's just a first draft.
What's the big deal?
I haven't finished it yet.
I'm sorry.
But don't do it again. okay?
I will.
The lights that M turned on
illuminated the whole city.
No rules apply here.
I wonder if anyone sees the ashes
flying around us when we're together.
İlyas. go and get Latif.
-Hi.
-Hi. Welcome.
Is the mirror ready?
I couldn't get it cut yet. I was going to.
I'll get it cut and drop it off.
Okay. No problem.
How is your hand?
Here is tea…
Why don't we talk outside?
Sure.
It's starting to rain.
This is how it is here.
Always unpredictable. It'll stop soon.
Yes?
No. sir. My job there is done.
We delivered it intact.
You should talk to the courier company.
Nothing to do with us.
I get that the door is broken…
I know a place
that makes spicy Albanian köfte.
-Shall we have some köfte there?
-Okay.
Check. please.
It's good.
They make good köfte.
Did you grow up here?
Born and raised in Balat.
Around my carpenter's shop.
that's my whole world.
The Balat Bazaar.
I've been there.
-The bakery.
-I've been around.
Coming right up.
I've never been here before.
You're here now.
I rarely leave this place.
I actually… Never mind.
Can we have bread?
Never mind what?
Tell me.
I don't really leave this place. I mean…
I haven't left here for too long.
Last time was to your store.
How do you like it outside?
I don't know.
Let's see the tower.
What tower?
I've heard there's a tower
overlooking the city
that is not known by many.
And how should I know about it?
I just thought you might.
Did someone tell you about it?
What's it like? How do we get there?
Is there anyone else who knows about it?
There should be.
They just can't let me be.
I should go.
I couldn't finish it.
Thanks anyway.
I'm glad your hand is okay.
See you.
-Hello?
-Gökçe. where are you?
On my way.
Please come home right away.
Is there something wrong?
We're waiting for you.
They're just games. They're not real.
Go to your room now.
-Give me my Game Boy. then.
-No Game Boy for you. Go to your room.
Sweetie?
-What happened?
-Ege got into a fight at school today.
It's not just any fight.
He bit a kid's ear.
He got stitches.
His mother showed up at school.
She obviously complained about Ege.
The principal was mad.
There'd been other complaints too.
They couldn't reach you. They called me.
I had to drop everything and go.
How is Ege?
At the school. I found out
this was not the first time.
They think Ege has anger issues.
I didn't know what to do.
Lale helped out. Bless her.
Where were you?
How is the other kid?
Is there anything we can do?
No. dear. We spoke to the family.
We did it all. All that needed to be done.
Don't worry. You weren't at the boutique.
Where were you. Gökçe?
-Out running errands.
-Why didn't you answer your phone?
I didn't hear it.
You can't just not hear it.
You must be reachable!
You must!
-Call me if anything happens.
-Okay.
Kenan. It's my stomach.
This may help.
Kenan. please!
Hi. darling. Will you be finished early
at the boutique today?
Okay. I may go directly to the restaurant.
I may not be able to pick you up.
Okay. see you there tonight.
Please don't be late.
Are we gonna cover the other windows too?
Let me finish this one first.
It turned out nice. huh?
Yes. I was skeptical
about the colors at first.
but as a whole. it looks good.
That big window in the back.
what do you say we cover that too?
Sure.
-Should I put this book in the back?
-Give me that.
I skimmed through it. Looks interesting.
What do you mean? Did you read it?
No. I didn't read it.
I just leafed through it.
Why are you going through my stuff?
I was curious.
But believe me. I didn't read it.
How much did you read?
Just the beginning.
Greetings.
Thank you.
I brought the mirror.
I'll move on to the windows in the back.
You want to see the tower?
I do.
On one condition.
-Do you know her?
-No.
She glared at us.
With every step.
my heart began pounding faster.
I stopped on the last step.
I was about to lose my nerve.
The door to a new world stood before me.
My hand shrank in his hand
and melted away.
What lay beyond the door
was probably even better.
I'm ready now.
I've walked around here before.
I know this place.
How? You've never been here.
I guess my mind wandered
around here before.
Who was with you?
No one.
No one knows this place but me.
Who drew those drawings downstairs?
Maybe you did.
Once more!
It's high up here.
How did you hear about this place?
I just did.
You must've heard about it somewhere.
That was the condition.
We made a promise. We'd tell each other.
They were talking about it at the bakery.
The bakery.
We both know that's not true.
You wouldn't believe it.
Believe what?
I saw this place.
It was as if through someone else's mind.
Like a dream.
You mean like destiny?
Maybe.
Do we have to see a place to know it?
The sun is going down.
Let it go down.
It's time.
Where are you going?
How many have you published this season?
Half as many as last year. I guess.
We didn't publish too many
this season either.
The market size of digital publishing is
constantly growing. that's why.
-Mr. Kenan. good to see you. How are you?
-Same here. Thanks.
-Enjoy.
-Thanks.
Thank you.
I came here after a meeting.
We should call Mr. Cemal.
Sure. I'm calling him now.
I guess everyone's here.
I'll share a secret with you.
Ready?
GRAND HOTEL ISTANBUL
RESTAURANT
I light up this city.
What are you doing?
It'll be good during these busy days.
Your wife's coming. right?
Yes. she's probably stuck in traffic.
Excuse me.
How are you? How is work going?
-We had fun.
-How is the kid?
So you light it up every night?
Not every night.
I'd love to change everything right now.
Myself. my life.
The whole world.
Wouldn't you want that?
Maybe I did want that.
Maybe I did.
Where were you?
Here I am.
Where were you. Gökçe?
I was here.
I won't forget what you did tonight.
I won't forget it either.
You're mocking me. Get a hold of yourself.
No. I'm not mocking you at all.
You knew about the dinner
and didn't show up.
You didn't have your phone with you.
You embarrassed me!
You weren't embarrassed. Kenan.
Your shadow wasn't with you. that's all.
What?
What's all the noise? I can't sleep.
Nothing. son. It's nothing.
Gökçe. what's going on?
I'm coming. love.
I'd say orange.
It would look great on you.
I'll go with blue.
-As you wish.
-What are those over there?
Hi. Mr. Kenan.
-Hi. Ceylan. Gökçe's not here?
-She left early.
Can I help you?
I just dropped by.
Are these new?
Yes. Ms. Gökçe wanted some changes.
We ordered a mirror. but it isn't up yet.
The carpenter is in Balat.
Balat? Why?
I guess she got the idea
from the book she was reading.
Which book?
I think it's called Ashes.
Okay. Have a good one.
What time will Gökçe be back?
I think she's left for the day.
Okay. Have a nice day.
Why are you around here with that woman?
How dare you question me?
Does she know you're married?
What we have is nonsense. Are we married?
On paper. yes.
You need to be careful
until we're divorced. or else I know how--
Get the hell out of here! Get out!
Everyone pays for their own sins.
Be aware of your weaknesses
before you cross the line.
What was that?
What was what?
What just happened?
Nothing. It's not important.
You told me you weren't married.
Are you questioning me? About what?
Aren't you married?
-I want an explanation.
-For what?
You've been lying!
About what? What are you talking about?
-You said you didn't know her!
-Who?
When she walked past us. I asked you
who she was. and you said you didn't know!
You're the one who's been lying!
The one who is married!
How do you know the tower?
Tell me! I don't know you. Who are you?
Who are you? Huh?
-You tell me!
-Who are you? I want…
Who are you. huh?
-Who are you?
-I'll…
-You…
-Hey!
-Who are you? Huh?
Who?
My dad demanded that I marry Büşra.
The business was failing. and he was ill.
They were in some trade business together.
and we were collateral damage.
I've never slept with Büşra.
She knew I didn't love her.
After my dad died. I asked for a divorce.
She said no and moved out.
Then all hell broke loose.
One day. her older brother showed up.
He barely escaped with his life.
I am done with them.
You haven't eaten.
I'm not hungry.
May I have Ashes? Are you done?
I'm not done.
It shouldn't be taking this long.
I have to get back to people about it.
The sooner you finish it. the better.
The last meal the three of us had
left a taste of betrayal in our mouths.
M and R. I finally made you
confront each other.
The bitter taste of death
took over my body as we set the table.
M killed me.
He couldn't save me this time.
All that was left of love
was a handful of ashes.
"…took over my body as we set the table."
"M killed me.
He couldn't save me this time."
He killed her.
Everything in the book
turned out to be real.
For example?
Everything. The tower. the bakery. Balat.
M. Metin. Him being married. All of it.
Okay. but this is a book. It's fiction.
I mean. it's all made up. right?
The people and places may be coincidental.
I'm telling you. I lived it all.
It was all real. I felt all of it.
I lived all of it.
Yeah. but if everything in here is true.
and she's dead.
how did she write the book?
You're not even listening to me.
You were cuddled up with a man
in the middle of Nişantaşı
in a ridiculous car.
I know what I saw.
Have you still not married that book guy?
What do you mean
you don't wanna get married?
Get married and settle down.
Take my advice.
Trust me. You'll have a very happy life.
I've finished it.
It's not worth publishing.
You didn't like it?
It's overdramatic and exaggerated.
And the ending's just dull.
The idea is cool. but the writing is poor.
If you know who the author is.
I'd like to talk to them.
I'll ask about it.
…in return. only sadness…
With a broken heart…
…took over my body as we set the table…
ASHES
M - CAN'T MEET FOR THREE DAYS.
TOO BUSY. I'LL CALL YOU.
We couldn't find the author.
How come? Who sent it?
I don't know.
We're looking into it. We're baffled too.
Someone must've sent it.
Did it fall from the sky?
It probably came with the others.
They're all registered
with contact info for each.
But nothing on Ashes.
A courier delivered it. right?
Then ask all the courier companies.
That's how we'll track it.
Sure. we're on it.
Where is Metin?
-Where is Metin?
-Who?
-Ali.
-He went to the farmers market.
-You want directions?
-No need.
Hot bread!
Bread!
Can you tell them that I no longer…
Yes. ma'am?
-The peppers.
-I got them.
Here.
Shall we go talk?
Just say what you have to say.
-Gökçe.
-Who were those people?
No one.
What are you hiding from me?
Hiding? This has nothing to do with you.
Don't you worry. It's work.
How many women are there?
What? What's going on with you?
Look. I have to learn
everything about you. okay?
This is not just some fling for me.
I'm becoming attached to you.
Don't. Don't get attached to me.
Just don't.
Don't push me away.
You're pushing me away.
I'm losing my way.
I'm not pushing anybody away.
and I am not running away.
Look…
I'm in no position
to show anybody the way.
Gökçe. what is this?
Calm down.
Gökçe. what are you doing?
Hey. Gökçe. For God's sake.
What's wrong with you?
Whenever I close my eyes…
I'm on that tower.
It's like a cliff.
I want to scream.
I have no voice.
I don't even know my name.
I don't know my name.
The reality of what I've been through…
It's blurry.
I mix everything up.
Gökçe. what are you doing?
Keep that on.
We found the address it was sent from.
It was sent a year ago
and delivered by an unknown courier.
Reyhan Akkaya lives at that address.
Send me the address.
Sure.
Yes?
Hi. You must be Ms. Reyhan.
I'm the owner of Urkan Publishing.
Kenan Urkan.
Sorry to show up unannounced.
I want to talk to you
about the book you sent us.
Sorry. what book?
Ashes.
I don't know about any book.
You must be mistaken.
The book was sent from this address.
About a year ago.
Do you live here alone?
Yes.
But were you living alone a year ago?
No. I mean.
my older sister was with me. but…
Can I please talk to your sister?
You can't because we lost her.
My condolences.
I guess this is my mistake.
What was her name?
Duygu Akkaya. You got the wrong address.
Look. I know how your sister died.
It's likely that she wrote the book.
I don't think so.
It's a love story
between a carpenter named M and a woman.
At the end of the book.
she claims the carpenter will kill her.
If you have doubts about her death.
this may be used to report a crime.
I have no doubts.
I told the police everything back then.
-İlyas. go inside.
-I can bring the rest.
Just go inside.
Why are you here?
-First. calm down.
-I can't. How dare you come here?
I'm no fan of seeing you either.
Wait. A man came by.
-Who?
-I don't know. Duygu's--
Don't mention her name
or remind me of her. I want to forget.
-She wrote about you. Balat. your love.
-Are you here to drive me mad?
-She wrote about her own death.
-What is this nonsense?
Don't dig up the past.
Her own death! And who knows what else.
Don't come here again!
Otherwise. things will get ugly.
What's that look?
I found the author.
A woman.
Her name is Duygu Akkaya.
It's kind of sad.
She died.
Or someone caused her death.
Strange. isn't it?
She wrote about her death.
She almost predicted it.
Staff at the publishing house
found her sister's number.
Ege?
Duygu.
How did she die?
Was she strangled? Was she shot? How?
I don't know.
I hope she didn't suffer much.
You can find out for yourself.
Here's her sister's address.
Excuse me.
-Do you live here?
-Yes.
I came to see a friend in apartment 10.
I rang the bell. but no one answered.
You mean Reyhan. I heard she moved out.
Packed up and left abruptly.
-Do you know where she moved to?
-I don't.
She had a sister?
Yes. Duygu. We lost her last year.
So I heard. Do you know how she died?
Some said it was a suicide.
Others claimed a man entered
the house that day. That's all.
-Hi.
-Hi there.
How can I help you?
I need a good carpenter.
I heard about you.
What do you need?
A bookcase for my office.
Will do. I'll be right back.
No problem. What do you have in mind?
Nothing too big.
A modern bookcase in wood color.
Okay. Give me the measurements.
Price is not a concern.
I just need it quickly.
I can get it to you next week.
That's too late.
It's about the time. not the money.
But I can build something
with what I already have.
That's fine.
Okay. Anything else?
I'll write down the address.
Why are you following me?
You know Duygu Akkaya?
Metin might have committed a crime.
Yes. he did.
It's a major crime that he's seeing you.
This is not the first time.
This is all being documented
up there somewhere.
You're an accomplice now.
I really don't care about what you think.
Is that so?
You understand that the written word
governs our lives.
Allah is great.
This is my first and last warning.
If you're smart.
you'll stay away from this neighborhood.
You shouldn't have.
Nonsense. We can't let you leave hungry.
Have you ever been around here?
It's my first time.
This is your first time. huh?
It is.
Are you married?
I'm not.
Have you ever been married?
Yes. I have.
It didn't work out?
Well. it's all in the past now.
I'm past that. Forget it.
Welcome. darling.
Come. dinner is ready.
And we have a guest.
What do you think?
You had a mirror made for the boutique.
That's how I found him.
My wife. Gökçe.
He's done an amazing job. right?
The meat is ready.
Go ahead and sit.
I'm coming. He will eat with us.
I'm done here.
I'll pack my things and head out.
Come on. No way.
I said we won't let you leave hungry.
Gökçe?
Hey.
I'll leave this here.
I didn't need it.
Thanks.
Do you read?
I don't have time.
It's our job.
Gökçe does most of the reading.
Right. Gökçe?
One should read.
Even a book that was written centuries ago
can still touch people.
Think about it.
Back in the day.
girls were not allowed
to read romance novels.
Why?
So that they wouldn't get carried away.
Like with Don Quixote.
Back then. people poured into the streets.
thinking they were knights.
It will get cold.
Have you ever heard about fictophilia?
Taner told us about it. remember?
-It's an interesting illness.
-Where is Ege?
In his room. darling.
I took his food to him. Don't worry.
The state of falling in love
with a fictional character.
The WHO does not consider it an illness.
but if you ask me.
it's a serious disorder.
Thanks for dinner.
-Good night.
-Gökçe discovered a new author.
Duygu Akkaya.
How do you know her?
How do you know Duygu?
Duygu is the author of this book.
And she talks about you
in this book as well.
What the hell are you talking about?
It's just a book.
Just a book. huh?
Go on.
Maybe Gökçe would like to go on.
Okay. then I'll go on.
The main character in this book is M.
Duygu. the author of the book.
falls in love with this M.
And she chases after him
even though she knows she'll die.
Here's the part that concerns you.
This M is a carpenter in Balat.
And he's married.
He meets Duygu.
He makes her fall obsessively
in love with him.
then he sleeps with her sister.
Whose story is this?
It's your story.
Aren't you the M in the book?
Wait a minute. What's your problem?
What the hell is your problem?
This is one of my favorite parts.
"The only person
I let in on my secret was M."
"A piece of me. my blood. R."
"The sum of their lies
adds up to a betrayal…"
There's no such thing!
You planted seeds of betrayal
between sisters who loved each other.
A perfect turn of fate. right?
You like that.
Neither Reyhan nor I betrayed Duygu.
Duygu was obsessed with me. That's all.
Fine. is this a lie too?
Give it to me. Gökçe.
Please.
Yes. here it is.
"The last meal the three of us had
left a taste of betrayal in our mouths."
"M and R. I finally made you
confront each other."
Why did she do that?
Because you two had slept together?
Watch your mouth. or I'll fuck you up!
I'm not saying a thing. It's in the book.
Do you know anything other than books?
Do you know about life in the real world?
Tell him about it.
You know what? Gökçe is unaware of
what's true and what's a lie.
Gökçe found you thanks to this book.
She read this book
and wanted to live what's written in it.
That's how you found me?
It was all real.
Real? For fuck's sake!
Are we just a game to you? Huh?
Did you kill her?
What?
We'll change this story now.
Your history with Duygu and Reyhan.
any clues Gökçe followed.
and any trace of Gökçe whatsoever
will turn to ash.
There's one thing we can't change.
The fact that you killed Duygu.
Do you know how many times
she attempted suicide?
How many meds she was on?
What happened when she skipped her meds?
-Do you even know? What do you know?
-Let go!
How many times she attempted suicide?
-You don't know Duygu!
You don't fucking know Duygu!
You don't know Duygu!
Gökçe. call the police!
What is reality. and what is fiction?
We need to think about it.
I think life is fooling us all.
Reality could be a lie
that someone made up. don't you think?
Maybe we're all living
in someone else's dream.
Yes. Go ahead.
She commits suicide
by throwing herself under a train.
Did you mean to combine
another novel character with yours?
Yes. That similarity was intentional.
I can't think of a more striking ending
than killing oneself like Anna Karenina.
And this ending is a salute
to the grand master Tolstoy.
You. sir.
This book isn't like your previous ones.
How was the process?
What sources did you draw on?
I realized I was writing
too much about myself.
One day. I told myself.
"Taner. please.
It's time you try something different
and stop writing about your own life."
Imagine infiltrating someone else's mind.
Seeing life through their eyes.
That's how Ashes was born.
Thanks. Thank you all for coming.